feat(gitlab): Add gitLabIgnoreApprovals option (#10981)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

Caution (fixed in GitLab >= 12.7): when this option is enabled it is possible due to a bug in GitLab that MRs with failing pipelines might still get merged.
This is caused by a race condition in GitLab's Merge Request API - [read the corresponding issue](https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/gitlab/issues/26293) for details.

## gitLabIgnoreApprovals

> Ignore default project level approvals, so that an automerge can be completed without those approvals. Under the hood, it creates MR-level approval rule with `approvals_required=0` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ignore the default project level approval(s), so that Renovate bot can automerge its merge requests, without needing approval(s).
Under the hood, it creates a MR-level approval rule where `approvals_required` is set to `0`.
```

Caution (fixed in GitLab >= 12.7): when this option is enabled it is possible due to a bug in GitLab that MRs with failing pipelines might still get merged.
This is caused by a race condition in GitLab's Merge Request API - [read the corresponding issue](https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/gitlab/issues/26293) for details.

## gitLabIgnoreApprovals

Ignore the default project level approval(s), so that Renovate bot can automerge its merge requests, without needing approval(s).

> Under the hood, it creates a MR-level approval rule where `approvals_required` is set to `0`.

Reviewer 2: Should be documented that it needs gitlab auto merge.

Or should it also work with normal automerge?

Reviewer 3: Actually, maybe for both

Author: Added note on this. Also, we're about to get rid of `gitLabAutomerge` here: #10958

Caution (fixed in GitLab >= 12.7): when this option is enabled it is possible due to a bug in GitLab that MRs with failing pipelines might still get merged.
This is caused by a race condition in GitLab's Merge Request API - [read the corresponding issue](https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/gitlab/issues/26293) for details.

## gitLabIgnoreApprovals

> Ignore the default project level approval(s), so that Renovate bot can automerge its merge requests, without needing approval(s).

Reviewer 2: I think this will require `maintainer` rights on the target repo? If yes, we should note that here.

I wonder if a normal developer can simply overide approval rules. 🤔 

We should at least note that this only works for `Premium`  and higher GitLab tiers

Reviewer 4: By default, this is allowed, but there is a setting to prevent overriding approval rules. It's probably worth mentioning that you shouldn't turn this on if you want to use this flag. https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/merge_requests/approvals/settings.html#prevent-overrides-of-default-approvals

I also don't believe this is a premium feature. The documentation is a little unclear. The Approval Settings page says All Tiers and Approval Rules says Premium. I can confirm that on Starter, you're allowed to set a single approval rule for merge requests and Merge Request creators can edit/remove the approval rule.

Under the hood, it creates a MR-level approval rule where `approvals_required` is set to `0`.

> This option works only when `automerge=true`, `automergeType=pr` and `gitLabAutomerge=true`. Also, approval rules ovveriding should not be [prevented in GitLab settings](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/merge_requests/approvals/settings.html#prevent-overrides-of-default-approvals).

Author: @viceice @HonkingGoose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option works only when `automerge=true`, `automergeType=pr` and `gitLabAutomerge=true`.
Also, approval rules overriding should not be [prevented in GitLab settings](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/merge_requests/approvals/settings.html#prevent-overrides-of-default-approvals).
```

Use one sentence per line.
Fix spelling error in word `overriding`.
